TEI                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
ab                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
abbr               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
abstract           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
accMat             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
acquisition        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
activity           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
actor              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
add                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
addName            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
addSpan            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
additional         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
additions          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
addrLine           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
address            TEI,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
address            MD                         mixed
adminInfo          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
affiliation        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
age                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
alt                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
altGrp             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
altIdent           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
altIdentifier      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
alternate          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
am                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
analytic           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
anchor             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
annotation         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
annotationBlock    TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
anyElement         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
app                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
appInfo            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
application        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
arc                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
argument           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
artwork            artwork            complex pure 
att                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
attDef             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
attList            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
attRef             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
author             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
authority          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
availability       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
back               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
bibl               TEI,MD,biblio,bio  complex mixed
bibl               artwork                    pure 
biblFull           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
biblScope          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
biblStruct         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
bicond             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
binary             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
binaryObject       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
binding            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
bindingDesc        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
birth              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
bloc               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
body               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
broadcast          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
byline             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
c                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
cRefPattern        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
caesura            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
calendar           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
calendarDesc       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
camera             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
caption            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
case               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
castGroup          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
castItem           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
castList           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
catDesc            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
catRef             TEI,MD,biblio,bio  complex pure 
catRef             artwork                    mixed
catchwords         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
category           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
cb                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
cell               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
certainty          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
change             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
channel            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
char               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
charDecl           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
choice             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
cit                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
citeData           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
citeStructure      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
citedRange         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
cl                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
classCode          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
classDecl          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
classRef           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
classSpec          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
classes            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
climate            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
closer             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
code               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
collation          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
collection         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
colloc             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
colophon           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
cond               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
condition          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
constitution       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
constraint         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
constraintSpec     TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
content            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
conversion         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
corr               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
correction         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
correspAction      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
correspContext     TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
correspDesc        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
country            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
creation           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
custEvent          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
custodialHist      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
damage             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
damageSpan         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
dataFacet          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
dataRef            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
dataSpec           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
datatype           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
date               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
dateline           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
death              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
decoDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
decoNote           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
def                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
default            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
defaultVal         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
del                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
delSpan            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
depth              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
derivation         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
desc               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
dictScrap          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
dim                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
dimensions         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
distinct           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
distributor        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
district           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
div                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
div1               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
div2               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
div3               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
div4               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
div5               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
div6               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
div7               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
divGen             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
docAuthor          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
docDate            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
docEdition         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
docImprint         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
docTitle           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
domain             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
eLeaf              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
eTree              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
edition            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
editionStmt        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
editor             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
editorialDecl      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
education          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
eg                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
elementRef         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
elementSpec        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
ellipsis           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
email              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
emph               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
empty              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
encodingDesc       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
entry              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
entryFree          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
epigraph           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
epilogue           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
equipment          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
equiv              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
etym               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
event              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
ex                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
exemplum           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
expan              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
explicit           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
extent             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
f                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
fDecl              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fDescr             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
fLib               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
facsimile          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
factuality         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
faith              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
figDesc            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
figure             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fileDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
filiation          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
finalRubric        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
floatingText       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
floruit            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
foliation          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
foreign            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
forename           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
forest             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
form               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
formula            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
front              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fs                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fsConstraints      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fsDecl             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fsDescr            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
fsdDecl            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fsdLink            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
funder             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
fvLib              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
fw                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
g                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
gap                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
gb                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
gen                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
genName            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
gender             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
geo                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
geoDecl            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
geogFeat           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
geogName           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
gi                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
gloss              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
glyph              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
gram               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
gramGrp            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
graph              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
graphic            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
group              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
handDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
handNote           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
handNotes          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
handShift          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
head               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
headItem           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
headLabel          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
height             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
heraldry           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
hi                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
history            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
hom                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
hyph               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
hyphenation        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
iNode              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
iType              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
ident              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
idno               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
if                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
iff                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
imprimatur         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
imprint            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
incident           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
incipit            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
index              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
institution        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
interaction        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
interp             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
interpGrp          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
interpretation     TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
item               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
join               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
joinGrp            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
keywords           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
kinesic            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
l                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
label              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
lacunaEnd          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
lacunaStart        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
lang               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
langKnowledge      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
langKnown          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
langUsage          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
language           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
layout             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
layoutDesc         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
lb                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
lbl                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
leaf               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
lem                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
lg                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
licence            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
line               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
link               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
linkGrp            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
list               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listAnnotation     TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listApp            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listBibl           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listChange         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listEvent          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listForest         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listNym            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listObject         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listOrg            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listPerson         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listPlace          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listPrefixDef      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listRef            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listRelation       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listTranspose      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
listWit            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
localProp          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
locale             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
location           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
locus              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
locusGrp           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
m                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
macroRef           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
macroSpec          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
mapping            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
material           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
measure            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
measureGrp         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
media              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
meeting            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
memberOf           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
mentioned          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
metDecl            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
metSym             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
metamark           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
milestone          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
mod                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
model              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
modelGrp           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
modelSequence      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
moduleRef          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
moduleSpec         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
monogr             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
mood               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
move               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
msContents         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
msDesc             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
msFrag             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
msIdentifier       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
msItem             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
msItemStruct       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
msName             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
msPart             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
musicNotation      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
name               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
nameLink           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
namespace          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
nationality        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
node               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
normalization      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
notatedMusic       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
note               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
noteGrp            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
notesStmt          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
num                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
number             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
numeric            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
nym                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
oRef               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
object             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
objectDesc         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
objectIdentifier   TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
objectName         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
objectType         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
occupation         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
offset             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
opener             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
org                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
orgName            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
orig               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
origDate           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
origPlace          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
origin             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
orth               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
outputRendition    TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
p                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
pRef               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
param              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
paramList          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
paramSpec          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
particDesc         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
path               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
pause              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
pb                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
pc                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
per                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
performance        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
persName           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
persPronouns       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
person             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
personGrp          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
persona            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
phr                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
physDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
place              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
placeName          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
population         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
pos                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
postBox            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
postCode           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
postmark           MD                 complex mixed
postscript         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
precision          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
prefixDef          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
preparedness       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
principal          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
profileDesc        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
projectDesc        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
prologue           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
pron               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
provenance         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
ptr                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
pubPlace           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
publicationStmt    TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
publisher          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
punctuation        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
purpose            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
q                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
quotation          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
quote              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
rb                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
rdg                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
rdgGrp             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
re                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
recordHist         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
recording          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
recordingStmt      TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
redo               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
ref                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
refState           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
refsDecl           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
reg                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
region             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
relatedItem        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
relation           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
remarks            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
rendition          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
repository         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
residence          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
resp               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
respStmt           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
respons            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
restore            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
retrace            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
revisionDesc       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
rewrite            MD                 complex mixed
rhyme              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
role               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
roleDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
roleName           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
root               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
row                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
rs                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
rt                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
rubric             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
ruby               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
s                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
said               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
salute             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
samplingDecl       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
schemaRef          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
schemaSpec         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
scriptDesc         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
scriptNote         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
scriptStmt         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
seal               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
sealDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
secFol             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
secl               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
seg                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
segmentation       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
sense              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
sequence           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
series             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
seriesStmt         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
set                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
setting            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
settingDesc        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
settlement         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
sex                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
shift              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
sic                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
signatures         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
signed             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
soCalled           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
socecStatus        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
sound              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
source             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
sourceDesc         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
sourceDoc          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
sp                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
spGrp              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
space              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
span               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
spanGrp            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
speaker            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
specDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
specGrp            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
specGrpRef         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
specList           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
sponsor            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
stage              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
stamp              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
standOff           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
state              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
stdVals            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
street             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
stress             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
string             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
styleDefDecl       TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
subc               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
subst              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
substJoin          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
summary            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
superEntry         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
supplied           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
support            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
supportDesc        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
surface            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
surfaceGrp         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
surname            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
surplus            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
surrogates         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
syll               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
symbol             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
table              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
tag                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
tagUsage           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
tagsDecl           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
taxonomy           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
tech               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
teiCorpus          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
teiHeader          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
term               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
terrain            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
text               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
textClass          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
textDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
textLang           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
textNode           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
then               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
time               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
timeline           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
title              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
titlePage          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
titlePart          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
titleStmt          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
tns                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
trailer            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
trait              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
transcriptionDesc  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
transpose          TEI,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
transpose          MD                         mixed
tree               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
triangle           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
typeDesc           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
typeNote           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
u                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
unclear            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
undo               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
unicodeProp        TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
unihanProp         TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
unit               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
unitDecl           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
unitDef            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
usg                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
vAlt               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
vColl              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
vDefault           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
vLabel             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
vMerge             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
vNot               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
vRange             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
val                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
valDesc            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
valItem            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
valList            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
variantEncoding    TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
view               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
vocal              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
w                  TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
watermark          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
when               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
width              TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
wit                TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
witDetail          TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
witEnd             TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
witStart           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex pure 
witness            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
writing            TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
xenoData           TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
xr                 TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
zone               TEI,MD,artwork,biblio,bio complex mixed
